Adding dynamodb scaler documentation (#680)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.6/scalers/aws-dynamodb.md

> +++

Reviewer: We have already shipped v2.6 - Would you mind moving it to the v2.7 folder and update the availability here please?

title = "AWS DynamoDB"
availability = "v2.6+"
maintainer = "Community"
description = "Scale applications based on the records count in AWS DynamoDB"
layout = "aws_dynamodb_scaler"
+++

### Trigger Specification

> This specification describes the `*Scaler Type*` trigger that scales based on an AWS DynamoDB Query.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This specification describes the scaler AWS DynamoDB scaler. This scaler uses a specified DynamoDB query to determine if and when to scale a given workload.
```

> This specification describes the scaler AWS DynamoDB scaler. This scaler uses a specified DynamoDB query to determine if and when to scale a given workload.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This specification describes the AWS DynamoDB scaler. This scaler uses a specified DynamoDB query to determine if and when to scale a given workload.
```

```yaml
triggers:
- type: aws-dynamodb
  metadata:
    # Required: awsRegion
    awsRegion: "eu-west-1"
    # Required: tableName

>     tableName: tableName

Reviewer: Is table name the same as the resource name or?

Author: The tableName and region identify univocally the dynamoDB endpoint to retrieve the data. Therefore, I should have chosen a better value for `tableName`, such as `myTableName`. I'm proceeding by updating that in this PR.
